Ukrainian passport kept Why is it needed I just asked or kept no no did not renounce Ukrainian citizenship yes I refused yes to whom did you write in Ukraine that you were refusing yes yes Where to what institution eh I refused when I became a deputy la So you refused to whom I Well I officially sent a request to Kyiv and I do not have Ukrainian citizenship Hello Hello Where are you from Russia I can see from your face what city is Simferopol It's funny it's a bit cold for Simferopol Well, it's a bit cold here today and yesterday it was also a bit cold I understand you kept your Ukrainian passport Why is it needed? I just asked or did you keep it? No, you didn't leave Ukrainian citizenship. Yes, I refused. Who did you write to in Ukraine that you were refusing? Yes, where? To what institution? I refused when I became a deputy. So you refused in front of whom? Well, I officially sent a request. to Kyiv and I don't have Ukrainian citizenship what request did you send to Kyiv where did you send a request to Kyiv Well, in this what is it called? I've already forgotten even the names, here in the World Cup, what is it?
thuja structure
[music]
about the register in the register cadastral register here I
remembered here is the cadastral register of Ukraine
Pony Yes the cadastral register is about
land plots What does
citizenship have to do with it
at all I submitted to the register not the land
cadastre - This is who is the owner of
that plot who is that
plot  where did you send the request about
citizens no no this is you like drinking me
decided but I just Well I'm interested well I
renounced Ukrainian
citizenship what is the procedure for
renunciation I handed over my
passport it turns out to whom I
handed over to whom I handed over Well look to whom to
renounce Ukrainian citizenship
you need to submit these documents and  passport and
then to Ukraine Yes, for example, This is a
certain procedure for leaving
citizenship Yes, it's just not possible You went
abroad, gave someone your passport and
said that's it, I'm not a citizen, so he
still doesn't work for you Yes, you
retain the rights and obligations of a
citizen of Ukraine Oh yeah  Oh my God, who
needs me there What are you talking about? Wait,
wait, who needs you? Who needs you? Yes, and
then when the Ukrainian troops come in,
everyone is like, oh, damn, I just
lost my passport. Let's restore it. No, no, no. I
officially refused this.
citizenship
concepts refused
officially Well, how can it be
that I did not refuse if I am in the
Peacemaker database And that in the Peacemaker database
there are those who seem to cooperate with
collaborators of
Ukraine And I am a
collaborator, these are just some
guys who are running a database in short  Peacemaker
so as not to forget you all, that is, look, it
turns out If you still remain a
citizen of Ukraine, then it turns out that
you can be detained in Turkey at the request of the
Ukrainian special services And deported
to Ukraine to Ukraine Yes, why
should I end up in Turkey Well, tell me
I'll check you now number
szhi like I'll check on the peacekeeper like
those A I won't tell you yes come on I understand
that you are a blogger Well why do I need this and you
sh You are deceiving
You know if you hadn't been streaming Or
let's say you hadn't recorded This video
Maybe I would
tell you well I won't tell you now Although
even T faces and then on the face Yes
opening Listen take it shorter then then
tell me like this now  Yes, in 3 years, has
life become better? Tell
me. Well, I'll tell you this. It hasn't gotten
better. But has it gotten worse? Well, it hasn't gotten
worse. It hasn't gotten better and it
hasn't gotten worse. I completely agree
that at the time of
years
it was  Well, everything was going up the
takeoff now as if it was all at the
level of the Equal It didn't get any better Yes Tell me I have
n't looked at what level the
dollar exchange rate equalized at for a long time, you know, I'll
tell you So I don't follow the dollar
because I don't have any And I  Well, there's
no point in following the
dollar exchange rate, but I'll tell you.
So I look through public pages on
VKontakte and Odnoklassniki, and in
everything, a
dollar costs something like 100, 108 rubles, or something like that. So,
before the start of the
2020s, it was something like 50 A.  now
twice as much
Well, I'll tell you it didn't really
affect everyday life it didn't affect everyday life
no how it didn't affect if all the
goods were imported it turns out they
should have definitely
gone up in price twice that's when I'll tell you
again  I explain everything was on the rise Yeah after the
moment it started to level out just
now we are going smoothly But
roughly how I bought meat I am so-so and I
can Buy the same meat Clearly more
And at that moment I could afford to
splurge there once and crusts  red
buy
such now I calmly buy meat for myself
bread there well basic products
and well on New Year's it is clear that we will all
spend a little Did I understand correctly
that you in Great Russia which has
oil gas gold diamonds brag that
you can buy meat and eat
you you  I misunderstood what I'm telling you,
well, up until
twenty, roughly speaking, the second year, there was
growth. I was earning
70,000. I could
afford it. Well, to splurge like that, but now I
can
afford it, but in a more
moderate sense. Well, that is, for example, I
bought myself a car and I  now Well I
can't be too fancy because I know that
I have a loan for this car a loan in
rubles Yes in rubles under How much is the
loan
23 percent is that when you took out
the loan months
[laughter]
ago Well what  you're smiling I'm
telling you how it is Cool Cool And
what kind of car
did you take Lada
Largus how much did it
cost in 1914 600,000
it cost not when you just bought it
a month ago You bought it new, right Well, yes,
how much did it
cost Well, I took it for
1,600 is 16,000 dollars Lada Largus for
16,000 dollars well, it
turns out a little less If Judging by the dollar exchange rate,
no, well, a little, okay, 15,000 dollars
we'll take so yeah, and it turns out And
you'll pay off the loan For how many years did you take the loan
for five
now I'll calculate it right away with a loan calculator
with Yes Calculate you even Yes I
already
Yes so let's take
let's have a loan term of 5 years yes
60 months so the
loan amount is not 16 million yes it turns out or
or 00
that 16 million I what BMW for myself or what the
latest
model
so so you have  annuity payments such as the
same amount every month or  different
Hello disappeared Let's count So
let's do it according to the standard scheme If yes yes
not according to
the annuity then he will
receive he will pay for the entire time then
in short 25,000 dollars
will be paid to the hall
Lars That is, it turns out Dude
took out a loan for Lada Largus which now costs
16,000 dollars yes that is, it turns out for
years about 25 thousand bucks
Write in the comments what kind of car
can be bought for 16 thousand bucks Yes, and
what kind of car can be bought for 25 thousand bucks
Las A and write in the comments What
will be faster to pay off the loan in 5 years
or will the Lada Largus die
like
comment Hi I  from the city of Khmelnitsky
where We talked to you You don't
remember I don't remember we talked
a long time ago I talk
to 100 people a day you make money on this You
can say that I make money too but I
don't do it for the sake of it I get a kick out of it
I get a kick out of it this is a hobby va  hobby hobby
work yes that was at first yes that was a hobby
and now it's even shorter it's like
profession has already become here I get high from
this I come here I realize I
satisfy my ego there I assert myself
on all sorts And so on than you
assert you find some
there and myself Yes and I assert myself really
works very cool
then there is an educational effect I
I find people with whom I can talk
yeah yeah I make videos with them and
put them up there hundreds of thousands of
people watch hundreds of thousands of people there is an
educational effect there is a
therapeutic effect a
lot of people watch my streams for example and
they are worried that Russia is
bombing something there  then they have an air
raid alarm there they are sitting in the basement Yes And so they
watch how I
somehow their souls become lighter that
is I act as a therapist you understand
that is I have many hypostases I am a
father and drones the only one
multi-tasty Where in Crimea I live  well where
exactly in Belogorsk is this Belogorsk
district it turns out yes
Well yes I understand the girl from there was
cool
once then she went to Sevastopol
so the question is how much are you  30 years old
So it turns out that you were 16 14 years ago
You have a Ukrainian passport oh 10 years ago you
were 20 You had a Ukrainian passport
so yes you
kept it Well I didn't throw it away I don't know
honestly where it is somewhere with my parents
most likely  zhit And why didn't you
throw it out for the sake of
interest? For what? Well, I just don't
know, what's the point of throwing it out?
Well, I'm interested.
We probably talked about a year ago.
You asked me exactly the same
question, and why didn't you see it? I don't
know it.  maybe not anymore well, just like
yes If a person took a passport of
another country yes That is, no matter how you do
nt want to be a citizen or you
remain a citizen of Ukraine it
turns out right Well, I dont know honestly
for you probably for your
government  I am a citizen of Ukraine
That is, it turns out that you
can come to Ukraine with your passport, well, yeah, that's how it
works, well, theoretically, yes, yes, and for
example, get a Ukrainian
passport to travel to Europe, yes,
and theoretically I can
Yes,
I understand, I understand And what did you understand? Well, where are you?
I didn't do that I didn't do that  I did but but
you don't give it out but don't give it out Don't throw it away
I understand Well it's like I'll
throw away my childhood photos Well it's not like
we keep childhood photos and
you say and it's somewhere with my parents
Well yes my parents have
my childhood photos somewhere  by the way, my
parents have them there too And my parents open them
and look at them, he flips through his Ukrainian
passport Yes, like he flips through children's photos
Well, I don't know, you understand
Each family probably
stores some documents differently,
mine is
in a folder with my parents Well, not with  documents And
they have this one, in general,
there is such a room, I dont know what to
call it correctly, a storage room, a dressing room, In
general, and there are all sorts of things stored
there. Yes, there are things that are not used every day,
and there is a drawer there, there are even
letters that grandma wrote  there mom
when she was on u and
so on Wednesday all somewhere in that area
there And you it turns out you somewhere you you
filed like in Ukraine in Ukrainian
some kind of mit that you renounce
Ukrainian citizenship because you
received citizenship of another  countries or
not no For what Well  that is, you
remain a citizen of
Ukraine for whom for for for the state of
Ukraine for the state if a person,
let's take Kolomoisky, yes, he received a
passport, for example, of Israel and there of Switzerland,
for example, yes, that is, he is simultaneously a
citizen of Ukraine, a citizen of Israel, a
citizen of Switzerland, receiving
citizenship of another country does not deprive
you of it  citizenship of Ukraine True Well I don't
know the Ukrainian legislation Well
any legislation look if you
get legislation in my opinion
dual citizenship was prohibited E
prohibited but there is no sanction for it
that is E if you took dual
citizenship you are not deprived no E deprivation of
citizenship in any way That is you do  still a
citizen of Ukraine you for example when you get to
Ukraine and or abroad you contact the
embassy that I like I lost my passport
and they like make you a new passport How does a citizen of
Ukraine get a new passport correctly You're kidding You're
kidding And listen do
you want to say now a real question Do you
want to tell Ukrainians abroad
who  theoretically Yes I have a
Russian passport for foreign travel
generally you apply to the Ukrainian
court you can get a Ukrainian one in
theoretically I can of course That is you
keep this option for yourself
Well you can  say whatever you want it's a
fact Well, theoretically I can do it
Well, Natli, in my life I will do it
Look, I'm not saying it Well, I'm not saying it
So what will you do Well, all the
Crimeans, they all think that it's unlikely to
happen but they leave this option  for
some reason But here's an interesting question What
option is an interesting question
people in your country are now assessing the
situation What, for example, for 8 years you
lived there calmly there was no
shelling And now they shell
Crimea almost every day and how have you been
calm for 8 years  lived and you city
Khmelnitsky is being shelled not shelled
every day no Once six months
it was Listen and when was the last time Crimea
was shelled yesterday and the day before yesterday the day before yesterday
Belbek shoot
I know where it is so look again
150 kilometers in a straight line Kim 150 in a
straight line yesterday Sevastopol
was shelled like also every day
Sevastopol Belbek then what else the
northern part of Sevastopol every
day every day they pound Crimea Yes
so look at the question uh 8 years ago 10 years
ago, more precisely, no one even thought that
Ukraine would shell Crimea there it
seemed simply unthinkable now its
already well, it hit like Sevastopol Well, it
hit Belbek its already something like
Belgorod Yes, its considered, isnt it  you
Denis have such a feeling that
uh Russia can Uy can leave Crimea
like it left Kherson why do you
call me Denis But you said that
you are Denis Or am I mistaken I didn't
introduce myself to you at all Come on My name is
Andrey your name is Gleb Gleb understood me
that  -it seemed that you said Denis at the
very beginning No, you are confusing something
mixed up
Yes, I understood Yes, that's the question, don't
you allow such a version that it seems
like a referendum was held in Kherson and a
referendum in Crimea But Russia ran away from Kherson and will
run away from Crimea  No, I don't allow it.
Why? Well, damn, it's difficult
to answer now, it's taking too long. This is a banal
question. Do you have any difficulties
at all? How are you at all? Can I
ask you questions?  wait come on let's deal
with this I answered you I answered
you you don't like my answer and you say it's
wrong you didn't answer it
turns out that's why you see
that Kherson left Russia Why won't it
leave
Crimea because I think so my opinion
that she won't leave here because
all the borders are better prepared here and
so on. That is, you Gleb Taran think that
in short, not a UDT from Crimea like this some kind of
taran. That is, you say that you are Gleb
Taran I say Andrey popo sza Gleb
Taran what is your
last name  no well I
won't tell you my last name
When were you born in February with Yes
no not in February Listen I want to tell you
now there are a bunch of programs that
determine my name and last name by my face you
can
determine see you already know my
last name
Well Gleb taran You  you want me to do this you
me well I don't really care that you
know my last name or
that we NEF we discussed the question Can I
ask I'll ask a question now can I
answered your Come on do you believe that
woman shot down drone bank and tomatoes
Of course not well it's a joke and it's
a joke Well
yes the president is just
kidding No it's called ipso
information-psychological operation And
for whom is he
doing ipso in congratulations Happy New Year here I explain Yes for
us so that we Smile and  for ru
because he really thinks Yes, many of yours
believed That it was real And what do
you really think that in short no I'm
honest I'm serious we're not joking now
Gleb taran to you here I am Gleb taran I declare to
you for a favor Yes, not Popik Okay, let's go already
Be healthy I declare to you that I
often communicate in chatroulette I ask this
question people believe people believe that Buryats
and toilets stole
stole me in Buryatia in Buryatia otli
me on me they showed a stolen toilet
chat roulette I really can show I can
show stolen Buryats and look in
Belarus look  there is a video from
the mail in Belarus How they loaded all this
also this is all documented about cucumbers this is Lyuda people from home yes toilet for 100 people earning there 3,000 dollars a month root toilet sends it again I'll explain to you Look you go to your judicial registry and see how many people there are that in general It would seem funny Yes because it is everywhere I know I saw a woman being put in jail for 5 years for a stick of sausage 3 years and something now Now I'll tell you now about cucumbers about cucumbers it's a joke everyone understands it's banter so just like for example the Phantom of Kyiv of course there was no such thing as a phantom of Kiev but the one there is so much of Kiev that is already something else this is a collective about the Phantom of Kiev the president did not tell this way and with these cucumbers it is a myth so because he makes a myth a certain one I understand I understood everything why I understood it The legend was The legend a woman with a hip ba podorov Well, the question Let's ask yours  question I don't believe Yes I understand that this is that this is a very small probability of doing this What is the probability of not doing it almost zero have you ever thrown zero Do you know that there is a person alive on earth in which lightning struck him several times Have you ever tried to throw a three-liter jar with cucumbers Well, there was no statement about a three-liter jar I understand what it means to throw some kind of prophetic object half a kilo at some distance to hit another object I understand what it is people do not understand many That's the most important thing if the Drone was in Kyiv, where was this drone controlled from? Right. I have no idea. Well, you see, unmanned aerial vehicles are not necessary. Kato is there, and she shot down an Orlan. I understand. Cool. Yes, I dont know. Maybe she shot down a paper plane. In principle, its also an aircraft that no one controls. Dont look. The trick is with a jar of cucumbers - this is a very Ukrainian ipso because the Russians have been there for 2 years and the Russians are still discussing it really cool Kyiv in 3 days This was Solovyovskaya
gypsum president discussed Kyiv in 3 days Are you really Who said anything about Kyiv look at Kiev again Look I'm explaining not about Kiev columns came here Parade and with the Tsarevs with these damn they were carrying in short all sorts of RV Nare sat Nare sat on all this was driving yes For so that already in short the Russian Guard would go also Get You unrealistically unrealistically got ran away in disgrace so much equipment beat them Yes in short so many corpses really in the Kyiv region just darkness darkness but I will say it this way How do you think that Ukraine will be able to win back Crimea or Donbass faster I don't know it will work whether Ukraine To be honest I don't know, by the way, yesterday the Czech president said that he said that it is unlikely that Ukraine will be able to win back any territories. In general, I think that Ukraine will not be able to win back anything, but I think look, Crimea is a village, what kind of obligation? Listen, you're interrupting, you're nervous, you see. you're interrupting Look I think that Crimea Crimea is fighting fast  faster than
Donbass Why Because Crimea is
a trap for the Russian army yes When the
hour comes and the bridge is destroyed
this whole group will just get stuck
Yes the whole Crimea is isolated look Crimea
always look Crimea always sushi always
took Crimea the Germans took Crimea then the Soviets
took Crimea Crimea sushi always took  always
never Crimea did not survive this is because of the
logistical
dead end and the mattress is like this But you need to take a diaper come on holds
holds holds everyone holds just
in short Ukrainian passport Good day Are you a
blogger yes
yes Where from
Why from Russia I can see by the face what city
Yekaterinburg I understood how are you there  in
Yekaterinburg
wonderful how are you where are you from I am from
the city of Khmelnitsky Ukraine how are you well
thank
God what are you talking about eh how do you feel
about Putin starting a
fratricidal
war well it all started in my opinion from
deno first year when Ukraine illegally
annexed Crimea  and Simferopol
On what day on what day Ukraine
announced to there is all this is in
open sources not just Tell me on
what day can you name the date when
Ukraine annexed Crimea and  Simferopol
in deno first year I don't remember when on
what day but I can check and
check check I'm interested
Let's look together Let's
Let's
[music] let's
look the date when Ukraine attacked and
annexed Crimea no wait in desto
first year I think
let's now let's
19  February I think
February 19 ninety first still the USSR was
yesyes the transfer of Crimea becoming the RSFSR
to the Ukrainian
SSR was in violation of the
then current norms of the legislation of the
Soviet Union what year are you
even writing about
five I
don't know in fifty than it is already and it
turns out in  In the year fifty-five, Crimea
was transferred to Ukraine and until ninety-
one it was in Ukraine in violation of the
current laws I dont know whether it was a violation or
not, that is, there was no violation for 40 years
and here you say that the
transfer was not by the same government.
I think the
decision-making was in accordance with Soviet legislation  the transfer of territory and
changes in borders were the responsibility of the
Supreme Soviet of the
USSR and the Union
republics. How is it that both
Yeltsin and Putin recognized Crimea as
Ukraine because the collapse of the
Soviet Union was then  soze sost by
the way Simferopol
Never at all I say Look look let's
take the nineties Yes Putin is already
president he would never have been subject to the
opinion that Crimea is Ukraine Let's
take Simferopol apart he was
never part of it Soviet composition understood everything
I accept this Look the thing is that  The
Soviet Union is an illegitimate
state The Soviet Union did not
exist because yes Because
Lenin yes when when in 19 and why did
we pay off debts I wonder until now the council
look The Soviet Union did not exist The
Soviet Union is a fake
state there was the Russian Empire
look there was the Russian Empire in 1917
year yes you made Maidan in Petrograd
February Maidan Kerensky This is the
provisional government destroyed the
Russian Empire the tsar abdicated yes from the
throne further six months later in October
Lenin from the organization militant terrorist from the
organization left sector which the
Germans brought the Germans brought in a
sealed train Yes made another one
Maidan in Petrograd Yes after which uh they
shot the emperor in general Yes that's
all in 1917 there was no legitimate power there was
no power
you shot the legitimate power of the
tsar who according to your Constitution it was
written the tsar is not elected the tsar is only
born that's how it
was in 1917 And I  I'm telling you now about
What year is it? That's all Later it's
no longer considered everything that happened later
is the year of the talk A It's illegal you already
understand everything Wait, what kind of a fight
Because because you said the RSFSR
Yes, wait So the RSFSR is not a legal
state it
would be look there was the Russian Empire
was and Ukraine was then So we we
Ukraine we Heirs of the Russian Empire
we do not
overthrow you look You yes uh Lenin and
company you decided to leave the Russian
Empire shot the tsar and created for yourself
some kind of fake RSFSR
we Finland Poland Ukraine as legal
parts and successors of the Russian
empires not at we did not recognize the RSFSR
show show where the tsar recognized the RSFSR
What does it mean the tsar recognized the USSR Who
invented the FSR Look, there was the Russian
Empire, so there was the tsar, the legitimate
government, and from time immemorial from Rurik
from Rurik there was Rurik, a Ukrainian Ukrainian
Look, Rurik gave birth to shmu
shmuksta, then the Russians appeared And then
Peter I appeared After him Peter II Peter
II and then  Alexander I in and then
he was shot you shot the tsar the
legitimate tsar rastra Ukraine then was
No there was no we became we we Why we
became because we Heirs of the
Russian Empire All we of the Russian
Empire to inherit you did not inherit you
shot with nowhere to run away
accepted the fight and  the fight was won by pska ko
Hello Hello where are you from I am from
Russia Yes I can see from your face what city is
Peter by I am from Gomel Belarus You are Russian
yes yes I understood because sttk is an Arab
arafatka And what And what is it And what well I
say you have an Arab arafatka I thought you
maybe some Syrian but no, it's not me, I just
used to live in Egypt, it's cool
You're half Arab, no  I have all Russians simply because my mother lives there I also lived there in Egypt for a year and a half Well, I already know a little about Egypt No, no, I came a year ago But you hide your face Yes, you know, there are some like that here, the last time I talked just came in just a man started to say something out of nowhere because of something, then it was not me who spoke incorrectly in terms of the fact that he had a rather aggressively tuned speech, that some kind of recording is fierce with us I'll take it too fierce Well, Well, I don't know, it's just me Where are you from, like, you came to St. Petersburg, you're from Perm, and then you're from Perm, you're fiu, that's it [music] basically a Russian person No, not Russian, yes, that's the one who lived in Rus', that's it We are Ukrainians and Belarusians, we are Belarusians, that's Rus', that's it where was Pinsk Smolensk Moscow in Moscow never Rus' in Penn there was no Rus' Yes this is already a cat those about Slavs Finno Ugrians who lived on Moscow And you are also a representative of the Norse peoples or
Penza - What is this, not even a Slavic name m Listen, can I have this small one? But here people mostly sit who want to argue about political relations and who are very knowledgeable about some relations between Ukraine and Russia when there was Old Slavic Rus Well, yes Well, I The thing is that I am in Gomel I am a university teacher I have been teaching history for 18 years in 2 years I will be 20 years old Just a scientific specialization in the history of Rus' and what interests you about it yes no I am not interested in history I have a slightly different focus of study Well, so to speak engineering that's what specifically are you building bridges no adjuster operator understood that's it And why did you go out to play the roulette in the first place just to sit there I don't know some kind of well you know to look for inadequate people Well just to laugh with them And something happened here that I didn't look for found km What do you think Well at the moment yes it is Russia in the sense at the moment that is occupied listen I honestly really didn't go into it annexed Well occupied yes just like this  Hitler annexed part of the USSR,
part of Poland, Hitler annexed Austria.
Well, it seems to me that it was a little
harsher there than now, and here its the same. They
took and annexed a piece of a foreign
state by force. Well, I dont really know. And what about that, you
dont know, as far as I know, well, there are
a few different ones there.  there were actions there
referendums of all sorts
and here here the situation is a little different the
same in Austria too Hitler held a
referendum in
Austria Wait you've got me a little
busy I'm saying I have a slightly
different specialty I'm not a
historian I just answered you on Hitler
held a referendum in Austria well
Well I'm me  gave you an answer to the question If you
look at it this way now Crimea is Russia, that
is, the
part of it occupied by Russia, I don't
know At the moment I'm answering you only
to the question posed If you go to the
maps Crimea is Russia I go to the
map Crimea Ukraine I just opened it
map Crimea Ukraine Let's see
all countries recognize Crimea as
Ukraine now wait a second
so
Crimea Well I don't know here I'm looking at the map Crimea
Ukraine
shows What map are you looking at Google
map looked at
Ukraine now on the site he went to the same
writes that  Crimea is Ukraine Well, that's all the
United Nations writes that
Crimea is
Ukraine but the data hasn't been updated I don't
know What do you mean it hasn't been updated on the contrary even
this year it stated that it doesn't
support
Russia's occupation of Crimea and Crimea is
Ukraine Well, if you look at the
map  Well, on the websites on the map Crimea
is Russia, which website are you looking at, I
wrote the borders of Russia on the map, there in the
pictures the first one, damn, it's just
some dude giving himself a picture on which
website are you looking at, look at the Google
map, here are the official maps from Google,
for example,
Well, let's go
let's look at the pictures Well, what did you want? The Crimean Peninsula Let's
look I don't know honestly I can't
understand p you said on the maps I
look I opened here don't circle
the edges it's
Ukraine So you can't prove
that it's Ukraine What do you mean I can't  Well, here,
show me, here, I'll enter Ukraine
Sevastopol, for example, into Google. Type
Ukraine Sevastopol and see what
it finds, what is a retro cinema or what, I
don't understand a little bit,
take
Ukraine comma Sevastopol into Google. Well, retro.
cinema Ukraine yes there is in
Sevastopol what is Ukraine here is not
written
Unfortunately It happens and this probably
write again Ukraine city Sevastopol
write where you enter in gole map Well
listen here it turned out that there is a city in
Ukra
write Ukraine comma city Sevastopol
Let's in  Google map I go to Google
map write Ukraine city
Sevastopol Sevastopol write Ukraine
comma city Sevastopol there is
Sevastopol square Kiev Ukraine
Ukraine Sevastopol here I
wrote here just city Sevastopol here
everything here found Yes Ukraine city
Sevastopol For me too it finds city
Sevastopol here in
Crimea wait We are with Fiolent  Sevastopol
Foros Park And if
[music]
write Well listen I'll be a little
upset there are no borders here
once again you write Ukraine the city of
Sevastopol yes this is not it this is not it's not
nothing not
never need
there is a city of Sevastopol it is
found on maps But this is not possible with
maps  confirm that this is Ukraine
or something  what is Russia itself Look
at the map Look at the map Kerch
Strait Well Russia Sevastopol look at the
Kerch Strait everything is there the border is even
shown between Russia and
Ukraine and what do you Wait and what do you
want to achieve at all asking this
question I want to achieve so that you understand
that you
And it's cool,
well, it's cool, but unrealistic. Well, yes, it's
cool. I just don't understand
the meaning of these questions and what the
meaning is. The meaning is to show that you simply
You haven't actually proven anything.
These are the people, they
really, how many of you are there? You are
so much so that you don't even  can you realize
the depth of yours and how funny you are
let's ban you for another 10 bucks
in chat
roulette How can you be like that it's just
brutal
letter to my Telegram right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube takes
us through scarg or in ny ban and very
I don't show a lot of videos to people sometimes I don't
show information about streams That's
why  so that we Mali operational links
are written right now and while there is
also interesting and useful information in Telegram and we will
oblige you to keep the current
operational links
independently in that will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
letter